Add 65k to your Ti-83+ Archive

By: Chris Jones

This is still something that is in experiment mode. I, myself, have done this to my calculator
and my friends calc. Though, there is down part, You can't (what I believe is run or transfer
flash programs and also, I think you can't transfer more than one program at a time or even in
that matter groups. Also, if anyone figures out anything more in addition to what I have, I hope
that they would email me at houou249@hotmail.com

First Step:

Here is the basic set up that you for this to work, 2 calculators (one with the Ti-OS and one
without the Ti-OS), 12 batteries (try to make sure that 4 are/or have really good life and the
rest should be able to make it though sending or receiving a Ti-OS), and of course a Ti-Link to
send the Ti-OS from one calc to another.

Second Step:

This step is where you put the 4 batteries that have the good or the best life into the calc that
DOES NOT have the Ti-OS, then after that alter quickly between pressing the MODE button and the
ON button until the screen starts to display:

testing flash...


testing flash...
................


testing flash...
................
.........

Then it starts to count like in boot code and just it count until the batteries that you have in
the calc die, basically til it turns itself off (not APD-Auto Power Down), and be sure not to
press any of the buttons because it will restart the testing flash process. One problem is that
after the batteries die the screen may stay and it will be blank, but it is easily fixed because
all you have to really is put in the new batteries.

Third Step:

By this point, if you were following my directions carefully then you may be in the next day.
Now, the calc without the Ti-OS should be ready for you to send it the Ti OS, and well that is
what your do now. Now that you are done, go look at your archive and it should say that you have
roughly 229 thousand bytes in your archive.

Some other stuff I have not tried with this is doing it multiple times, and other thing I also
have not done it by sending the Ti-OS from the computer, so if you have any questions, problems,
or new info that you want to be known for about this just email me at houou249@hotmail.com.